fix: JSDoc `null` values being interpreted as strings, and added test README (#1377)
vega/ts-json-schema-generator: test/README.md

# Testing

## Schema Generation

> To add/update a test case for generating a valid schema from a typscript file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add/update a test case for generating a valid schema from a TypScript file:
```

- Look in `test/valid-data` for a sample related to your change. If you don't find one, create your own following the naming convention. For example, when adding the new sample `annotation-default`:
    - Create folder `test/valid-data/annotation-default`
    - Add `main.ts` to that folder with the type sample
- Update the corresponding `main.ts` file with your changes.

> - Compile the JSON Schema via `yarn --silent run run --path 'test/valid-data/{the-target-folder}/*.ts' --type 'MyObject' -o test/valid-data/{the-target-folder}/schema.json`
>     - This happens automatically when running `yarn test:update`, but that can take a while

Reviewer: I think I still prefer

```suggestion
- Run `yarn test:update` to compile the JSON schema
```

since it automatically uses the same compile options the test uses. Just makes things easier (albeit slower).
